Content Release Note (#3505)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-cse/2024-01-12-content.md

#### Rules

* [Updated] MATCH-S00213 AWS CloudTrail - Reconnaissance related event
  * Updated name expression to reduce insight false positivity
* [Updated] MATCH-S00686 Base64 Decode in Command Line
* [Updated] MATCH-S00373 BlueMashroom DLL Load
* [Updated] FIRST-S00024 First Seen AWS SSM RunShellScript SendCommand From User
* [Updated] FIRST-S00021 First Seen Azure Virtual Machine Run Command Issued by User
* [Updated] FIRST-S00013 First Seen Driver Load - Global
* [Updated] FIRST-S00014 First Seen Driver Load - Host
* [Updated] FIRST-S00030 First Seen Outbound Connection to External IP Address on Port 445 from IP Address
* [Updated] MATCH-S00705 Registry Modification - Authentication Package
* [Updated] MATCH-S00707 Registry Modification - Winlogon Helper DLL
* [Updated] MATCH-S00840 Suspicious Lambda Function - IAM Policy Attached
* [Updated] MATCH-S00279 TAIDOOR RAT DLL Load
* [Updated] MATCH-S00379 WMIExec VBS Script
* [Updated] MATCH-S00570 WMIPRVSE Spawning Process

>   * Corrected expression to exclude OS SID from user_userId, prior expression was incorrectly referencing SubjectLogonID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Corrected expression to exclude OS SID from `user_userId`; prior expression was incorrectly referencing `SubjectLogonID`
```

* [Updated] MATCH-S00724 Windows Update Agent DLL Changed
* [Updated] MATCH-S00435 XSL Script Processing

#### Log Mappers

* [New] 1Password Item Audit Actions
* [New] 1Password Item Usage Actions
* [New] Zeek DNS Activity
* [New] Zeek HTTP Activity
* [New] Zeek conn Activity

#### Parsers

* [New] /Parsers/System/1Password/1Password
* [New] /Parsers/System/1PasswordC2C/1PasswordC2C
* [New] /Parsers/System/Zeek/Zeek

#### Schema
* [New] metadata_sourceBlockId

>   * The \_blockId of the original source log message (from SumoLogic)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The \_blockId of the original source log message (from Sumo Logic)
```
